.TH "CVE" "1" "2023-02-15" "1.2.1" "cve Manual"
.SH NAME
cve \- A CLI interface for the CVE Services API.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cve
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
A CLI interface for the CVE Services API.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-u,\fP \-\-username TEXT
Your username (env var: CVE_USER)  [required]
.TP
\fB\-o,\fP \-\-org TEXT
Your CNA organization short name (env var: CVE_ORG)  [required]
.TP
\fB\-a,\fP \-\-api\-key TEXT
Your API key (env var: CVE_API_KEY)  [required]
.TP
\fB\-e,\fP \-\-env [prod|dev|test]
Select deployment environment to query (env var: CVE_ENVIRONMENT)
.TP
\fB\-\-api\-url\fP TEXT
Provide arbitrary URL for the CVE API (env var: CVE_API_URL)
.TP
\fB\-i,\fP \-\-interactive
Confirm create/update actions before execution (env var: CVE_INTERACTIVE)
.TP
\fB\-V,\fP \-\-version
Show the version and exit.
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBpublish\fP
  Publish a CVE record for a reserved (or...
  See \fBcve-publish(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBpublish\fP command.
.PP
\fBreject\fP
  Reject a CVE record for a reserved or...
  See \fBcve-reject(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBreject\fP command.
.PP
\fBundo-reject\fP
  Move a rejected CVE ID without a record...
  See \fBcve-undo-reject(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBundo-reject\fP command.
.PP
\fBreserve\fP
  Reserve one or more CVE IDs.
  See \fBcve-reserve(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBreserve\fP command.
.PP
\fBshow\fP
  Display a specific CVE ID (and optionally...
  See \fBcve-show(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBshow\fP command.
.PP
\fBlist\fP
  Filter and list reserved CVE IDs owned by...
  See \fBcve-list(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBlist\fP command.
.PP
\fBquota\fP
  Display the available CVE ID quota for...
  See \fBcve-quota(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBquota\fP command.
.PP
\fBuser\fP
  Show information about a user.
  See \fBcve-user(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBuser\fP command.
.PP
\fBorg\fP
  Show information about your organization.
  See \fBcve-org(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBorg\fP command.
.PP
\fBping\fP
  Ping the CVE Services API to see if it is up.
  See \fBcve-ping(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBping\fP command.
